chore: 8.7.0 alpha release notes (#19638)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: app-shell/build/release-notes.md

---

## Opentrons App Changes in 8.7.0

> Welcome to the v8.7.0 release of the Opentrons App! This release adds support for Opentrons Tough Universal Lids, improves error recovery on the Opentrons App on Flex touchscreen, and addresses several bugs.

Reviewer: "Opentrons App on Flex touchscreen" <- Opentrons App and Flex touchscreen? or if it's touchscreen only, just say "on the Flex touchscreen". we know it's shared code but we try to present them as wholly different experiences.

Author: ahh yep typo. I meant "and" to include both.

### New Features

Use Opentrons Tough Universal Lids on compatible well plates and reservoirs.

### Improvements

- Recover from Flex Stacker errors to resume your protocol:

>   - when a Stacker module is empty during a `store()` command.
>   - when a Stacker module stalls during a `store()` or `retrieve()` command.

Reviewer: Since this is the app notes, I would frame these in terms of the actions rather than the API calls. Also, should the first one be a retrieve? It shouldn't be a problem to store labware in an empty stacker.
```suggestion
  - If you try to retrieve labware from the Stacker, but it's empty.
  - If the Stacker stalls when storing or retrieving labware.
```

Author: Double checked the [ticket](https://opentrons.atlassian.net/browse/RQA-4443); the error is if the _shuttle_ is empty during a ``store()`` command!

### Bug Fixes

- Liquid colors now match across deck views on the Opentrons App and Flex touchscreen.

> - Protocol run previews now includes complete Flex 96-channel pipette movements.

Author: need some additional information on this one: 

[ticket ](https://opentrons.atlassian.net/browse/RQA-4571) specifies the run preview wasn't including 96 cam axis movements correctly

Reviewer: Something like "The run log now properly shows robot motor control actions for 96-channel pipettes."

> - The API raises an error when the Flex Gripper fails to pick up a lid.

Author: is this the case? can users now use error recovery for this as well?
